add a comment based on pr title and story title similarity (#15)
ClearTax/pr-lint: README.md

## Features

1. **Validates branches that are filed as PRs**. It uses the pivotal API to provide GitHub status checks that help you avoid merging PRs without valid story IDs.
2. **Adds a summary of the story details** to the beginning of the PR's description for better documentation & linking from GitHub → Pivotal. ![pr-lint](https://assets1.cleartax-cdn.com/cleargst-frontend/misc/1568800226_pr-lint.png)
3. Automatically labels PRs based on:
    1. Team name label based on the pivotal board name. if your pivotal board name is `Escher POD` then it will add `escher` as a label. Pivotal board name is fetched from the given story id.
    2. `HOTFIX-PROD` - if the PR is raised against `production-release`
    3. `HOTFIX-PRE-PROD` - if the PR is raised against `release/v*`
    4. Pivotal story type (*feature*, *chore*, *bug*).

> 4. Add a comment to suggest good PR title based on the story title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Can add comments to a PR to encourage better PR practices in terms of:
 1. A good PR title (compared to the story title)
 2. Discourages PRs which are too large (SLOC & files changed)
```

        github-token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN }}
        pivotal-token: ${{ secrets.PIVOTAL_TOKEN }}
        skip-branches: '^(production-release|master|release\/v\d+)$'

>         skip-comments: true

Reviewer: maybe `comment-large-pr: true` and `comment-pr-title: true`? I think more people are likely to use the `comment-large-pr: true` setting..

Later we can use a number here for a threshold..

Author: sure. ill do this in the next release. we should provide an option to set the limit
